Brother Song, you are awake
What's going on here?
Dr. Song said you were poisoned
He can maintain this medicine
He said he
Ah!
This handsome man gave him a day to solve the case
How can you solve a case like this?
Sister-in-law, I'll go home and ask my father.
Let's see what else my father can do
Take care of him first
He's not coming back.
What do you mean?
Husband and wife are birds in the same forest
When disaster strikes, they fly separately
Ah, what can be done then?
The dog promised you to run
I'm afraid it can't be achieved.
I'll ask if you want to live
think
Your poison
It is one of the ten poisons of the snake vine
Immediately go to a hospital near Yuzhuang
Maybe it's still too late
sister-in-law
You'd better go back first
I'm right here with you. I'm not going anywhere
Ah Xu
Take it if you're tempted
Fat and water do not flow out of the outsider's field
Sister-in-law, you are a stupid child
You were brought up by your sister-in-law since you were a child
Shy of what?
Ah!